ELEC3225 – Applied Programming Concepts  
LeopardWeb Replication Project  
Ethan Rajkumar  
May 18th, 2025  

Waterfall Process Proposition  

Requirements Engineering  
-----------------------------------------------  
1. Feasibility Study (May 18):  
Does the technology exist to build the system?  

The system needs classes and objects, a database for holding user / curriculum records, functions to update the database, and a user interface to navigate functionality. These are all available for the project.  

As this is an academic project using open-source libraries / software, no budgeting considerations are applicable to the project.  

2. Requirements Elicitation (May 20):  
Based on the assignment document given at the beginning of the semester, our end product is clearly defined, as well as the technologies we will have access to. On a weekly basis, further documentation including the requirements of each step in the development process will be provided to guide development.  

3. Requirements Specification (May 22):  
All users should be able to see their own student profile, browse, add, and drop courses, as well as view their own schedule.  

All instructors should be able to see their own instructor profile, browse courses, as well as view and edit their own course schedule.  

All admins should be able to see their own admin profile as well as student instructor profiles, browse, create, edit, and delete courses from a catalogue, and edit the schedules of instructors and students.  

4. Requirements Validation (May 24):  
Allows the system’s users to check the system requirements for accuracy. If the client suggests changes, then the specification for step 3 can be modified.  

Design and Implementation  
-----------------------------------------------  
1. Architectural Design (June 10):  
For our system, the components that will be a part of our system will all be created as classes and objects with functions to integrate with the database, triggered and accepting arguments from the user interface.  

2. Interface Design (June 12):  
The interface will be built to connect the high-level components identified above, while providing the flexibility to modify database queries and other API calls.  

3. Component Design (June 15):  
The components of the system will be built to display on a graphical interface, such as user profiles, course offerings, schedules, etc.  

4. Database Design (June 17):  
For general users, we will have the following information stored for their profile: date of birth, full name, student statistics (GPA, year, credits, etc.) if applicable, as well as their own string-based ID.  

The information for course schedules will be housed in a separate table, including the CRN’s, meetings times, and course names.  

The information for a course catalog will be the last table, consisting of their CRN’s, meeting times, instructors, seats available, and name.  

Software Validation:  
-----------------------------------------------  
1. Component Testing (June 25):  
Component testing will be used to test individual components as they are being built.  

2. System Testing (July 5):  
System tests will be used to test the system and its pathways.  

3. Acceptance Testing (July 7):  
Acceptance testing will allow the system to be tested with “real” data that covers all edge cases to find errors.  

Software Evolution:  
-----------------------------------------------  
Ongoing Maintenance (July 10 onward):  
The software will be adapted based on any changes to requirements or user feedback as time progresses, as well as bug fixes discovered during the validation or testing phases.  
